c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.dll.config
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.pdb
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.dll
c:\users\barco_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.RAMIMOSHE-LT\Desktop\FavoriteSongs\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.pdb
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.dll.config
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\FavoriteSongs.pdb
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.dll
C:\Users\barco_000\Desktop\עדכון\FavoriteSongs\obj\Debug\FavoriteSongs.pdb
